https://halimgur.substack.com/p/imaginary-conversation-reflections
Imaginary Conversation: Reflections on Israel and the Middle East
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-unbearable-fakeness-of-politics
The Unbearable Fakeness of Politics: A Foreign Perspective on the 2024 US Election
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/living-in-a-simulation-how-real-is
Living in a Simulation: How Real is Your Reality?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-ai-redux
The AI Redux
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/join-my-new-subscriber-chat-on-our
Join my new subscriber chat on our health
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/when-will-you-die
When will you die?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-art-of-restraint-why-the-paris
The Art of Restraint: Why the Paris Olympics Fell Short
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/remembrance-of-brilliance-past-and
Remembrance of brilliance past and getting our mojo back
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/nuclear-power-no-fix-for-our-broken
Nuclear power no fix for our broken grid
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/sadness-of-a-ghost-town
Sadness of a ghost town
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-best-summer-holiday-spot-in-turkey
The best summer holiday spot in Turkey
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/class-reunion
Class Reunion
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/turk-fatih-tutak
TURK Fatih Tutak
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/back-in-turkey-after-four-years-part
Back in Turkey after Four Years – Part 2
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/back-in-turkey-after-four-years-week
Back in Turkey after Four Years – Week 1
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/turkish-republic-the-age-of-maturity
Turkish Republic - The Age of Maturity
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/to-understand-the-world
To understand the world
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/beyond-the-echo-chambers-a-deeper
Beyond the Echo Chambers: A Deeper Look at Social Unrest
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/too-much-of-a-good-thing
Too much of a good thing
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/a-sinn-fein-member-became-the-next
A Sinn Féin member became the next First Minister of Northern Ireland
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/a-cut-and-paste-operation
A Cut-and-Paste Operation
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/retirement-a-journey-of-continued
Retirement: A Journey of Continued Relevance and Learning
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/more-missed-opportunities-in-arab
More Missed Opportunities in Arab-Israeli Relations
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-requiem-for-a-dream-israels-untaken
The Requiem for a Dream: Israel's Untaken Paths
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-importance-of-elite-consensus
The importance of elite consensus
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/openai-astounds-us-again
OpenAI astounds us again
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/why-did-elon-musk-buy-twitter
Why did Elon Musk buy Twitter?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/elon-musk-the-spaceman
Elon Musk: The Spaceman
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/let-us-talk-about-elon-musk
Let us talk about Elon Musk
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/despicable-acts-part-2
Despicable Acts - Part 2
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/despicable-deeds
Despicable Deeds
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-age-and-climate-change-unpredictable
"ROGUE Age" & Climate Change: Unpredictable Global Transitions
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-age-accessory-1-population
ROGUE Age Accessory #1 - Population
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-renaissance-on-globe-with-upheavals
ROGUE - Renaissance on globe with upheavals everywhere
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-great-stagnation-ends-but-for
The Great Stagnation ends but for whom?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/when-the-rivers-run-dry
When the rivers run dry
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-voice-referendum-in-australia
The Voice Referendum in Australia
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/conspiracy-theories-part-2
Conspiracy Theories - Part 2
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/conspiracy-theories-part-1
Conspiracy Theories - Part 1
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/how-many-more-ruins-in-great-britain
How many more ruins in Great Britain?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/while-watching-utopia-on-abc
While watching Utopia on ABC
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/lying-oracles-and-the-anyone-and
Lying Oracles and the 'Anyone and No Holds Barred' war against Musk
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-one-thing-necessary-for-the-triumph
The one thing necessary for the triumph of ignorance is for wise men to stop talking to the uninformed
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/will-there-be-a-war
Will there be a war?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/how-do-we-select-our-information
How do we select our information sources?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/do-we-know-why-we-know-what-we-know
Do we know why we know what we know?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/does-layering-affect-heat-loss
Does layering affect heat loss?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/elections-in-turkey
Elections in Turkey
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/monster-wave-soon-to-hit-your-shore
Monster Wave soon to hit your shore
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/try-counting-carbons-not-calories
Try counting carbons not calories to have a better control on your weight
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/bridge-fixture-for-five-players
Bridge Fixture for Five Players
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-attainment-of-happiness
The Attainment of Happiness
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/competent-intelligence-is-here-will
Competent intelligence is here, will it do engineering?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-prodigal-bird-returns
The Prodigal Bird returns
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/earthquake-thoughts-and-facts
Earthquake Thoughts and Facts
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/why-were-so-many-buildings-destroyed
Why were so many buildings destroyed?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/retirement-a-journey-of-continued
Retirement: A Journey of Continued Relevance and Learning